1 Artist

MIGUEL MONASTERIAL

Josef, an artist in the multimedia art scene, boundlessly explores his capabilities and inabilities in every visual medium. His proficiency in traditional illustrations allows him to surf along the waves of digital media, helping him build the stepping stones in pursuit of his dream of being a well-versed multimedia artist.

2 Artist

PATRICIA PANGILINAN

Patricia, a multimedia artist who specializes in graphic design, expresses her work in unconventional styles.

For her, process, progress, and constant improvement are the three aspects that allow her to explore other forms of art like film, photography, and especially painting. She tries to go out of her comfort zone and dares to learn new techniques that can help her grow, and most importantly, she finds beauty and serenity in the process while not forgetting the significance of patience.

3 Artist

ELOI IGNI

Eloi is drawn to both traditional and digital painting. The interest started during her younger years, which further developed when she decided to take up a Bachelor’s Degree in Multimedia Arts. 

As a visual artist, she is fascinated by the relationship of space and serenity, with the purpose of discussing the beauty in silence, simplicity, and the things taken for granted.

4 Artist

JAY LACDAO

Jay is a digital artist that focuses on creature designs and backgrounds. He aims to recreate his childhood imaginations into scenery that gives a nostalgic feeling.

5 Artist

CLARISSA LORENZO

Clarissa is a multimedia artists that explores the world of visual arts, particularly graphic design, digital and makeup artistry.

Through art, she reflects her thoughts, emotions and experiences in life.

6 Artist

GUALBERTSAN SUAL

Gualbertsan, a digital multimedia artist, explores the intricacies and possibilities of portraiture, street photography, as well as cinematography.

Much of his experience nurtured his fascination with capturing the grittier side of human emotions, while emphasizing on strong elements of hope and the simple moments in life with cinematic flair.