About the artist

Six (6) art students from Asia Pacific College with various skills in art and design, collaborating to create a unique visual space that will offer a glimpse of coping mechanism pieces through art. Everything that surrounds us is comprised of things that are beyond our first glance, our initial understandings, and our generalizations.

-----


MIGUEL MONASTERIAL

Miguel, an artist in the multimedia art scene, boundlessly explores his capabilities and inabilities in every visual medium. His proficiency in traditional illustrations allows him to surf along the waves of digital media, helping him build the stepping stones in pursuit of his dream of being a well-versed multimedia artist.

\\\\

PATRICIA PANGILINAN

Patricia, a multimedia artist who specializes in graphic design, expresses her work in unconventional styles and unique ways.

As a graphic designer, she expresses her artwork not only to be visually appealing and entertaining but also to be a medium that provides information and knowledge.

Process, progress, and constant improvement are the three aspects that allow her to explore other forms of art like film, photography, and especially painting. She does not stick to her comfort zone, she dares to learn new techniques that can help her grow, and most importantly, she finds beauty and serenity in the process while not forgetting the significance of patience.

\\\\

ELOI IGNI

Eloi is drawn to both traditional and digital painting. The interest started during her younger years, which further developed when she decided to take up a Bachelor’s Degree in Multimedia Arts. 

As a visual artist, she is fascinated by the relationship of space and serenity, with the purpose of discussing the beauty in silence, simplicity, and the things taken for granted.

\\\\

JAY LACDAO

Jay is a digital artist that focuses on creature designs and backgrounds. He aims to recreate his childhood imaginations into scenery that gives a nostalgic feeling.

\\\\

CLARISSA LORENZO

Clarissa is a multimedia artists that explores the world of visual arts, particularly graphic design, digital and makeup artistry.

Through art, she reflects her thoughts, emotions and experiences in life.

\\\\

GUALBERTSAN SUAL

Gualbertsan, a digital multimedia artist, explores the intricacies and possibilities of portraiture, street photography, as well as cinematography.

Much of his experience nurtured his fascination with capturing the grittier side of human emotions, while emphasizing on strong elements of hope and the simple moments in life with cinematic flair.